Version 23.2.0 (#4633)
status-im/nim-beacon-chain: CHANGELOG.md

2023-02-16 v23.2.0
==================

Nimbus `v23.2.0` is a `low-urgency` upgrade providing full support for the upcoming

> Capella hard-fork. So far, the fork epoch is specified only for the Sepolia testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Capella hard-fork on the Sepolia testnet. Keep an eye out for future mainnet releases!
```

which will execute the transition on 28th of February.

### Improvements

* The `deposits import` command now provides the option `--method=single-salt` which
  will significantly improve the keystore loading speed on start-up on beacon nodes
  and validator clients running with a very large number of validators. Please see
  the documentation provided in the Nimbus guide in order to understand the security
  implications of using the option:
  https://nimbus.guide/keys.html#optimised-import-for-a-large-number-of-validators
  https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth2/pull/4372

* More efficient sync committee caching strategies bring 20-30% of syncing
  speed improvement post Altair:
  https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth2/pull/4592

> * Nimbus performs less interactions with the EL node during optimistic syncing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Nimbus performs less interaction with the EL node during optimistic syncing
```

  which further improves the syncing speed:
  https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth2/pull/4591

* The Keymanager API now supports all `gas_limit` end-points:
  https://ethereum.github.io/keymanager-APIs/#/Gas%20Limit  
  https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth2/pull/4612

* Nimbus serves light client updates up to the retention period mandated by
  the spec even when pruning is enabled:
  https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth2/pull/4499

> * The Linux packages of Nimbus no longer depend on `lsb-release`:

Reviewer: we can highlight the availability of https://apt.status.im/ as installation source going forwards - I'd put this on top as well, since it's frequently been requested
